0.6.6 update (#45)
dortania/OpenCore-Post-Install: multiboot/bootstrap.md

OCB: Boot order has first option as the default option
```

### Removing LauncherOption entry from BIOS

Because the LauncherOption entry is a protected entry when resetting NVRAM, you'll need the following settings in your config.plist:

* `Misc -> Security -> AllowNvramReset -> True`
* `Misc -> Boot -> LauncherOption -> Disabled`

Once these are set, you can reboot into the OpenCore picker and select the `Reset NVRAM` entry.

## Updating BootStrap in 0.6.6

> For those updating to 0.6.6, you may have noticed BootStrap.efi has been removed from OpenCorePkg. This is due to changes with how OpenCore works, specifically becoming an Application instead of a driver. This means OpenCore.efi can be loaded directly and the reliance on BootStrap.efi is no longer needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those updating to 0.6.6, you may have noticed Bootstrap.efi has been removed from OpenCore. This is due to changes with how OpenCore works; specifically OpenCore is now a UEFI application instead of a driver. This means OpenCore.efi can be loaded directly and the reliance on Bootstrap.efi is no longer needed.
```

> To update, simply update everything else in your OpenCore setup and ensure EFI/BOOT/BOOTx64.efi is still present. Then set `Misc -> Boot -> LauncherOption` to `Full` and reboot. First boot your firmware will need to use BOOTx64.efi, however after this OpenCore will set OpenCore.efi into your firmware boot options. For more information, see the [Configuration.pdf](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg/blob/master/Docs/Configuration.pdf)

Reviewer: worth adding a note that you can also put it in place of the Bootstrap file?

Author: Added

Once these are set, you can reboot into the OpenCore picker and select the `Reset NVRAM` entry.

## Updating Bootstrap in 0.6.6

For those updating to 0.6.6, you may have noticed Bootstrap.efi has been removed from OpenCore. This is due to changes with how OpenCore works; specifically OpenCore is now a UEFI application instead of a driver. This means OpenCore.efi can be loaded directly and the reliance on Bootstrap.efi is no longer needed.

To update, simply update everything else in your OpenCore setup and ensure EFI/BOOT/BOOTx64.efi is still present. Then set `Misc -> Boot -> LauncherOption` to `Full` and reboot. First boot your firmware will need to use BOOTx64.efi, however after this OpenCore will set OpenCore.efi into your firmware boot options. For more information, see the [Configuration.pdf](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg/blob/master/Docs/Configuration.pdf)

> * For those who wish to keep Bootstrap.efi, you can simply grab OpenCorePkg's OpenCore.efi(0.6.6) and rename it to Bootstrap.efi. Then place it under EFI/OC/Bootstrap, and add this to `LauncherPath` in your config.plist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For those who do not wish to move the launcher to EFI/BOOT/BOOTx64.efi, you can simply move the BOOTx64.efi file in the OpenCore release and rename it to Bootstrap.efi. Then place it under `EFI/OC/Bootstrap` and after the first boot an entry will be created pointing to `OpenCore.efi`.
```

>   * `\EFI\OC\Bootstrap\Bootstrap.efi`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

However, in either case, you will need to Reset NVRAM to get rid of the old entry (pointing to `EFI/OC/Bootstrap/Bootstrap.efi`).
```
